Hello, and welcome back. In this section, I will show you how to write your own crackmes
using Codex. You could also use Claude Code if you prefer. However, in this lesson,
I will show you how to use Codex. So the first step in order to do that is to install the
necessary tools. So let's fire up Codex first, and we'll create a new chat right here. I will tell
Codex what I want. I want to set up, I want to be able to use Codex to build Windows EXE files,
programs, EXE programs that can run on Windows 11. So, I should specify two types of EXE
programs: command line interface, as well as GUI EXE programs that can run on
Windows 11 using the simplest and easiest tools. I am thinking of WinLibs. Yes, use WinLibs,
and, probably, if you are not sure, you can ask it. But I have already done some research, and
I find WinLibs quite good, the simplest.
Install the necessary tools.
If you are unsure of anything, ask me.
And then over here, make sure you set your model to the latest model and also your reasoning
set it to high.
So make sure Codex will be able to run those tools from the CLI.
I think this should be sufficient.
So let's go.
It is now working on it and it has identified some helper tools as well that it is going
to install.
Now note that if you are running this prompt from your machine, you might not install the
same tools like what I have here.
Because on your machine, you might already have other tools available.
So don't expect to get the same output exactly like you see in my session over here.
And now it reports that it has installed it and it's running some tests.
And it reports that the test was successful.
And finally, it completes everything and gives a detailed report.
It says it has installed WinLibs, and it also gives you a list, tells you the installation
path, and it says that we may need to restart Codex.
It also confirms that it has verified some tests.
So now I need to create a skill file for Codex. As usual, whenever you finish some installation,
you always want to build a skill file so that, in future, if you need to run the task, you
can refer Codex to the skill file.
So create a skill file in MD format so that, in future, if I ask you to create a CLI or
a GUI app for Windows, you will be able to use the skill file to know how to do it. Again,
I say, if you are unsure of what I want, ask me. So now it is going to work. The skill
file is written. It is now validating it, and finally, it has completed building the skill file.
So now I want to know where it is. So, where is the skill file stored? So it is stored in this
location. So I'll head over there and copy out. Right-click, copy the path, open Explorer,
paste the path here, and hit Enter. So this is the skill file. I will copy it and then put it
in the usual place where I keep all my skills over here, and I paste it here, and I rename it
Windows EXE Builder. Let's call it that. All right, so let's rename it as Windows EXE.
And then make sure you copy these two files out to another location, not inside the virtual
machine.
This is in case, in future, you restore the virtual machine to a previous state; then
you might lose this.
So this is very important that you do that.
So let's take a look at the Windows EXE skill.
It is now open in Visual Studio Code. I will press Shift+Ctrl+V to view it in the preview mode,
and you can see here very clearly the overview, the workflow, and the CLI app pattern, Win32 GUI pattern,
and the tools and direct compile packaging notes, and so on. So this is very useful. So now I will
I will quit everything, and if you want, you can take a snapshot after you shut
down the machine. So shut down everything, and then take a snapshot of your virtual
machine in the Oracle Virtual Manager if you want. And then, in the next
lesson, we will start to test this new skill of Codex. So I'll see you in the
next one.